Add tips for re-registering blocks from Prefect Collections (#8333)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/collections/usage.md

prefect block register -m prefect_aws
```

> **Note**, if you install an updated Prefect collection that adds fields to a block type, you will need to re-register that Block type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! tip "Updating blocks from Prefect Collections"
    If you install an updated Prefect collection that adds fields to a block type, you will need to re-register that block type.
```

Reviewer: Let's make these admonitions to raise visibility.

> **Note**, to use the load method on a Block, you must already have a block document [saved](/concepts/blocks/#saving-blocks) through code or saved through the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! tip "Loading a block in code"
    To use the `load` method on a Block, you must already have a block document [saved](/concepts/blocks/#saving-blocks) either through code or through the Prefect UI.
```
